{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24080\viewh15380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 APPEARANCE RELEASE FORM AND VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi480\sl340\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 THIS IS A LEGAL DOCUMENT AFFECTING YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY BEFORE SIGNING
\f2\b0\fs28 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri473\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri473\sl340\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul \ulc2 (@agency_name@)\ulnone \
(\'93Agency\'94)	    \
\
\ul (@project_name@)\ulnone \
(\'93Project\'94)	\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri473\sl340\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 			\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri473\sl340\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1. I desire to voluntarily participate, as recommended by Agency, in the taping of the above-mentioned Project (the \'93Activity\'94) commencing on (@talent_start_date@) (\'93Start Date\'94) until (@production_end_date@) (\'93End Date\'94), or until the conclusion of the Project. I hereby knowingly, willingly, voluntarily and irrevocably grant to Telemundo Television Studios, LLC (\'93Producer\'94) its successors, licensees, and assigns, the right to use in perpetuity throughout the universe in all media now known or hereafter devised, my name, voice, photograph, actions, likeness, physical appearance and facts about myself, (including without limitation, any instrumental, musical, sound effects, and compositions of any kind or nature), (collectively \'93Material\'94), in any manner whatsoever in connection with any Producer\'92s production, any sponsor of any such production, or Producer entities, including, without limitation, in any advertising or promotion of the production, or any Producer\'92s production (the \'93Advertisements\'94). Without in any way limiting the foregoing, I agree that the Material may be used in merchandising, commercial tie-ins, \'93behind the scenes\'94 material, \'93electronic press kits,\'94 and video releases. I agree that Producer may give my name and information about me in the Project and may edit the Project and the Materials as Producer elects. I understand that the Producer is not obligated to include me in any program or to telecast any program in which I appear or to engage in any other uses of the Material. I knowingly, willingly and voluntarily waive any right to review, inspect or approve any use of the Material, or the subject matter(s) raised in any program that may make use of the Material or the nature of the content of any use of the Material. I hereby acknowledge and fully understand that the grant of rights extended by me to the Producer includes the right to use ad to re-use the Material, and to authorize others to use the Material, as unlimited number of times. Producer shall have the right to exploit the Project throughout the universe at any time, in perpetuity, and in any and all formats and media, in all languages, now known and hereafter devised, including in-context advertising, without any additional compensation to me whatsoever, in any manner in its sole discretion.  Without in any way limiting the foregoing, the rights granted herein also include the right to edit, delete, dub, and/or fictionalize the Project as Producer sees fit in Producer\'92s sole discretion.  Producer will own all of the results and proceeds of the Materials as \'93works-made-for-hire\'94 within the meaning of US copyright law.  To the extent that such results and proceeds may ever be deemed not to be a \'93work-made-for-hire in any territory, I hereby assign to Producer all right, title and interest thereto (including, but not limited to, \'93moral rights,\'94 all copyright and associated rights therein, and all extensions and renewals thereof) throughout the universe, in perpetuity, in all formats and media and in all languages, now known or hereafter devised, including in-context advertising, together with the right (as between me and Producer) to collect any sums which may be payable by an exhibitor or distributor of the Project.\
\
2. I understand that Producer is not obligated to use any of the rights listed in Paragraph 1.\
\
3. I know Producer will incur expenses because of this Agreement, so I will not cancel it.\
\
4. I will look solely to Agency and not to Producer for the payment of compensation for the Activity and for the discharge of all Agency\'92s obligations with respect to my services under this Agreement. I will indemnify Producer for, and hold it harmless from and against, any and all taxes which Producer may have to pay, and any and all liabilities (including judgments, penalties, fines, interest, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys\'92 fees) which may be obtained against, imposed upon, or suffered by Producer, or which Producer may incur, by reason of Agency\'92s failure to deduct and withhold from the compensation payable to me, any amounts required or permitted to be deducted and withheld under the provisions of any applicable statutes heretofore or hereafter enacted. \
\
5. I represent and warrant that I am in good health and that I have no medical, physical or emotional condition that might interfere with my engaging in the Activity.  \
\
6. I will follow all rules made and directions given by Producer and its representatives in connection with the Activity. \
\
7. I will never sue Producer or anyone because Producer did not take or use the Materials or use my name or information about me or because I do not like the manner in which Producer or their licensees or assignees took or used the Materials or used my name or information about me. \
\
8. I understand that my participation in the activity is at my own risk.  I HEREBY RELEASE PRODUCER, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARY AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES, AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES AND EMPLOYEES, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, ACTIONS, DAMAGES AND LIABILITIES THAT IN ANY WAY ARE CAUSED BY, ARISE OUT OF OR RESULT FROM THIS AGREEMENT, MY APPEARANCE IN THE PROJECT OR IN THE ADVERTISEMENTS, MY PARTICIPATION IN THE ACTIVITY (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY CLAIMS, ACTIONS OR LIABILITIES BASED ON OR ARISING OUT OF MY STATEMENTS, ACTIONS OR MATERIAL DURING MY APPEARANCE), MY PRESENCE AT ANY LOCATION IN CONNECTION WITH MY PARTICIPATION IN THE ACTIVITY, OR THE BROADCAST OR OTHER EXHIBITION OF THE PROJECT OR THE ADVERTISEMENTS, ON ANY LEGAL THEORY WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, RIGHTS OF PRIVACY AND PUBLICITY, DEFAMATION, OR FALSE LIGHT), REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT SUCH INJURY OR DAMAGE WAS CAUSED BY THE NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF PRODUCER OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES OR EMPLOYEES, OR ANYONE ELSE CONNECTED WITH THE PROJECT.  I WILL DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD PRODUCER HARMLESS FROM ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS, ACTIONS, DAMAGES AND LIABILITIES.  \
\
9. I will not, at any time, in any manner, either directly or indirectly, use, divulge, disclose, or communicate to any person, firm or corporation, in any manner whatsoever, any confidential information of any kind, nature or description concerning any matters affecting or relating to the business or operations of Producer or its subsidiaries and affiliates; provided that, this prohibition does not apply to remarks or comments explicitly or implicitly concerning wages, hours, or other terms and conditions of my employment within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act. For purposes of this Agreement, \'93confidential information\'94 will mean all confidential, proprietary, or commercially sensitive data, materials, and/or trade secrets, and includes without limitation scripts, storylines, Project promotion information or other proprietary information and all confidential information or trade secrets regarding development, marketing, organization, financial matters, management, salary and benefits of other Producer\'92s personnel, administration, programming, production, distribution, sales or advertising information and projections, customer lists, and data presently owned or at any time in the future developed by Producer or any of its affiliates, agents or consultants, or any information which Producer presently uses or may at any time in the future use in the course of its business that is not otherwise part of the public domain; provided that, information concerning the wages, hours, or other terms and conditions of my employment within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act shall not be considered to be confidential information.  \
\
10. I gave nothing of value nor did I agree to give anything of value to anyone so I could be in the Project or in the Advertisements. I know that Producer does not permit it and that it would be a Federal offense not to tell Producer if I had.  \
\
11. I know it is a Federal offense, unless I tell Producer before the broadcast of the Project or of the Advertisements, to take or agree to take anything of value to promote a product, service or business in the Project or in any of the Advertisements; or use any material that would promote any product, service or business if I know the person who gave me the material got something of value for the promotion and I did not tell Producer.  \
\
12. I will notify Producer\'92s Law Department immediately if anyone tries to get me to do anything in violation of Paragraph 10 or 11. \
\
13. I confirm, warrant, and represent that I am authorized to be employed in the United States by Agency, and that my work authorization permits my services to be furnished to the Producer to the extent required by this Agreement.  \
\
14. I acknowledge and agree that all of the information that I have provided and will provide to Producer, during the taping of the Project and otherwise, is and will be true, accurate, and complete. I agree that Producer may disclose any and all of the information provided by me to any person for any purpose, on or off-air.  I understand and acknowledge that providing false or incomplete information to Producer may result in my disqualification and/or elimination from the Project in Producer\'92s sole discretion, and the imposition of any and all appropriate civil and/or criminal remedies and sanctions.  \
\
15. I agree not to make any commercial or any other use of the fact that I appeared in the Project or in the Advertisements or that Producer gave my name and information about me in the Project or in the Advertisements. \
\
{\listtext	(@date_of_signature@).	}	                      \
	Date\
			\
	(@talent_name@)\
{\listtext	(Print Name)	}						\
\
	(@date_of_birth@)\
	Date of Birth*\
\
{\listtext	(@address@)	}		\
	Address\
}